Page 4
For technical questions, please call 1-800-444-3353.
Item 57812 
 
Safety
Welding Tips
TIG / Stick
CONTROLS
Wire
MAINTENANCE
Electrical Safety
ELECTRIC SHOCK can KILL.
1. Turn off, disconnect power, and 
discharge electrode to ground before setting 
down torch/electrode holder and before service.
2. Do not touch energized electrical parts. 
Wear dry, insulating gloves. Do not touch electrode 
holder, electrode, welding torch, or welding wire with 
bare hand. Do not wear wet or damaged gloves.
3. Connect to grounded, GFCI‑protected 
power supply only.
4. Do not use near water or damp objects.
5. People with pacemakers should consult their 
physician(s) before use. Electromagnetic fields 
in close proximity to heart pacemaker could cause 
pacemaker interference or pacemaker failure.
6. Do not expose welders to rain or wet conditions. 
Water entering a welder will increase 
the risk of electric shock.
7. Do not abuse the cord. Never use the cord 
for carrying, pulling or unplugging the welder. 
Keep cord away from heat, oil, sharp edges 
or moving parts. Damaged or entangled 
cords increase the risk of electric shock.
8. Do not use outdoors.
9. Insulate yourself from the workpiece and 
ground. Use nonflammable, dry insulating 
material if possible, or use dry rubber mats, 
dry wood or plywood, or other dry insulating 
material large enough to cover your full 
area of contact with the work or ground.
10. THIS WELDING MACHINE MUST BE 
CONNECTED TO POWER SOURCE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE 
ELECTRICAL CODES.
Fire Safety
ARC AND SLAG can cause fire.
1. Clear away or protect flammable objects. 
Remove or make safe all combustible materials for a 
radius of 35 feet (10 meters) around the work area. 
Use a fire resistant material to cover 
or block all open doorways, windows, 
cracks, and other openings.
2. Keep ABC-type fire extinguisher near 
work area and know how to use it.
3. Maintain a safe working environment. 
Keep the work area well lit. 
Make sure there is adequate 
surrounding workspace. Keep the work area free 
of obstructions, grease, oil, trash, and other debris.
4. Do not operate welders in atmospheres 
containing dangerously reactive or 
flammable liquids, gases, vapors, or dust. 
Provide adequate ventilation in work areas 
to prevent accumulation of such substances. 
Welders create sparks which may ignite flammable 
substances or make reactive fumes toxic.
5. If working on a metal wall, ceiling, etc., 
prevent ignition of combustibles on the 
other side by moving the combustibles to a 
safe location. If relocation of combustibles is 
not possible, designate someone to serve as 
a fire watch, equipped with a fire extinguisher, 
during the cutting process and for at least one 
half hour after the cutting is completed.
6. Do not weld or cut on materials having 
a combustible coating or combustible 
internal structure, as in walls or ceilings, without 
an approved method for eliminating the hazard.
7. Do not dispose of hot slag in containers 
holding combustible materials.
8. After welding, make a thorough examination 
for evidence of fire. Be aware that easily 
visible smoke or flame may not be present 
for some time after the fire has started.
9. Do not apply heat to a container that has held 
an unknown substance or a combustible 
material whose contents, when heated, 
can produce flammable or explosive vapors. 
Clean and purge containers before applying heat. 
Vent closed containers, including castings, 
before preheating, welding, or cutting.
