Page 31
For technical questions, please call 1-800-444-3353.
Item 57812 
 
Safety
Welding Tips
MAINTENANCE
TIG / Stick
CONTROLS
Wire
d. Optional Settings:
• Press Main Control Knob to 
enter Optional Settings.
• Turn Main Control Knob until desired 
setting appears on screen. 
• Press Main Control Knob to 
select desired setting.
• Turn Main Control Knob to adjust setting.
Available Optional Settings:
• Recall Setting – Retrieve saved settings.
• Save Setting – Program up to 
5 different configurations.
Note: The initial settings may need to be 
adjusted after stopping and carefully inspecting 
the weld. Proper welding takes experience.
WARNING! TO PREVENT SERIOUS INJURY: 
Protective gear must be worn when using the 
Welder; minimum shade number 10 full face shield 
(or welding mask), ear protection, welding gloves, 
sleeves and apron, NIOSH-approved respirator, 
and fire resistant work clothes without pockets 
should be worn when welding. Light from the 
arc can cause permanent damage to the eyes 
and skin. Do not breathe arc fumes.
After practice welding on scrap, stop, 
and check your progress. Perform 
Strike Test according to Strike Test on 
page 34. After making any necessary 
adjustments, continue to weld while 
carefully following the DUTY CYCLE 
guidelines as explained on page 29.
WARNING! TO PREVENT SERIOUS INJURY: Metal 
work bench must be grounded when TIG welding.
10. Hold TIG Torch in one gloved hand and the TIG 
Rod (sold separately) in other gloved hand. 
NOTE: Maintain a constant distance between the 
Tungsten Electrode and the workpiece: between 
1 and 1.5 times the diameter of the Electrode.
11. Open valve on TIG Torch to start gas flow.
12. To initiate welding arc, push Foot Pedal and touch 
Electrode to work piece and lift. If not using Foot 
Pedal, touch Electrode to work piece and lift.
13. When welding puddle is hot enough, tilt Torch 
backward about 10-15 degrees from vertical and 
move it back slightly. Add TIG Rod material as 
needed to the front end of the weld puddle.
14. Alternate between pushing the torch/weld 
puddle and adding the TIG Rod material. 
NOTE: Remove the TIG Rod each time the Electrode 
is advanced, but do not remove it from the gas shield. 
This prevents oxidation from contaminating the weld. 
15. When finished welding, release the Foot Pedal but 
keep Torch on weld puddle until weld solidifies. 
If not using Foot Pedal, pull Torch away from 
work piece until welding arc is broken, then 
return the gas coverage until weld solidifies.
16. Close valve on TIG Torch and turn Right Knob 
to OFF to turn off power to TIG Torch.
17. Set TIG Torch down on nonconductive, 
nonflammable surface away from 
any grounded objects.
18. Turn the Power Switch OFF.
19. To prevent accidents, after use:
• Allow Welder to cool down.
• Unplug Welder’s power cord from outlet. 
• Remove Ground Clamp from workpiece or table.
• Disconnect TIG Torch, Ground 
and Foot Pedal Cables.
• Close gas cylinder’s valve securely, 
remove regulator and replace cap.
• Disconnect Gas Hose from Welder.
• Store and secure gas cylinder.
• Clean, then store Welder and its accessories 
indoors out of children’s reach.
