Page 33
For technical questions, please call 1-800-444-3353.
Item 57812 
 
Safety
Welding Tips
MAINTENANCE
TIG / Stick
CONTROLS
Wire
e. Optional Settings: 
• Press Main Control Knob to 
enter Optional Settings.
• Turn Main Control Knob until desired 
setting appears on screen. 
• Press Main Control Knob to 
select desired setting.
• Turn Main Control Knob to adjust setting.
Available Optional Settings:
• Hot Start – Adjust amperage at start of weld.
• Arc Force – Adjust weld penetration 
and smoothness. 
• Recall Setting – Retrieve saved settings.
• Save Setting – Program up to 
5 different configurations.
Note: The initial settings may need to be 
adjusted after stopping and carefully inspecting 
the weld. Proper welding takes experience.
WARNING! TO PREVENT SERIOUS INJURY: 
Protective gear must be worn when using the 
Welder; minimum shade number 10 full face shield 
(or welding mask), ear protection, welding gloves, 
sleeves and apron, NIOSH-approved respirator, 
and fire resistant work clothes without pockets 
should be worn when welding. Light from the 
arc can cause permanent damage to the eyes 
and skin. Do not breathe arc fumes.
After practice welding on scrap, stop, 
and check your progress. Perform 
Strike Test according to Strike Test on 
page 34. After making any necessary 
adjustments, continue to weld while 
carefully following the DUTY CYCLE 
guidelines as explained on page 29.
8. Place the bare metal end of the Stick Electrode (sold 
separately) inside the jaws of the Electrode Holder. 
9. Stroke the workpiece lightly to ignite the arc.
Tips for igniting the arc:
a. Tap the surface with the Electrode. 
b. Stroke the surface with the Electrode.
c. Strike the surface like a match with the Electrode. 
10. After the arc ignites:
a. Lift the Electrode off workpiece the same 
distance as the diameter of the bare metal end. 
b. Tilt Electrode back 10 to 20 degrees. 
c. Drag Electrode to the back end of the weld 
puddle to deposit material as needed.
11. When finished welding; lift the Electrode from 
the workpiece, then set Electrode Holder 
down on nonconductive, nonflammable 
surface away from any grounded objects.
12. Turn the Power Switch OFF.
13. To prevent accidents, after use:
• Allow Welder to cool down.
• Unplug Welder’s power cord from outlet. 
• Remove Ground Clamp.
• Disconnect Electrode Holder 
and Ground Cables.
14. Clean, then store Welder and its accessories 
indoors out of children’s reach.
