Page 5
For technical questions, please call 1-800-444-3353.
Item 57812 
 
Safety
Welding Tips
MAINTENANCE
TIG / Stick
CONTROLS
Wire
Welder Use and Care
1. Do not use the welder if the switch does not turn 
it on and off. Any welder that cannot be controlled 
with the switch is dangerous and must be repaired.
2. Disconnect the plug from the power 
source before making any adjustments, 
changing accessories, or storing welders. 
Such preventive Safety measures reduce the 
risk of starting the welder accidentally.
3. Prevent unintentional starting. 
Ensure the switch is in the off-
position before connecting to power 
source or moving the welder. Carrying 
or energizing welders that have the 
switch on invites accidents.
4. Store idle welders out of the reach of 
children and do not allow persons unfamiliar 
with the welder or these instructions to 
operate the welder. Welders are dangerous 
in the hands of untrained users.
5. Use the welder and accessories in 
accordance with these instructions, taking 
into account the working conditions and 
the work to be performed. Use of the welder 
for operations different from those intended 
could result in a hazardous situation.
6. Do not use the welder for pipe thawing.
Maintenance
1. Maintain welders. Check for misalignment or 
binding of moving parts, breakage of parts 
and any other condition that may affect the 
welder’s operation. If damaged, have the 
welder repaired before use. Many accidents 
are caused by poorly maintained welders.
2. Have your welder serviced by a qualified 
repair person using only identical 
replacement parts. This will ensure that 
the Safety of the welder is maintained.
3. Maintain labels and nameplates on the Welder. 
These carry important information. 
If unreadable or missing, contact 
Harbor Freight Tools for a replacement.
4. Unplug before maintenance. Unplug the Welder 
from its electrical outlet before any inspection, 
maintenance, or cleaning procedures.
Gas Shielded Welding - Cylinder Safety
Cylinders can explode when damaged.
1. Do not weld on a pressurized or closed cylinder.
2. Do not allow an electrode holder, 
electrode, welding torch, or welding 
wire to touch the cylinder.
3. Keep cylinders away from any electrical circuits, 
including welding circuits.
4. Keep protective cap in place over the valve 
except when the cylinder is in use.
5. Use only correct gas shielding equipment 
designed specifically for the type of welding 
you will do. Maintain this equipment properly.
6. Protect gas cylinders from heat, being struck, 
physical damage, slag, flames, sparks, and arcs.
7. Use proper procedures to move cylinders.
 SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS.
